split the hair aside with your fingers
separates the hair from the fringe to the ear and
fasten with a clip so that this
part is not mixed with the rest of the
wired part which is loose to make a
tail down and fasten firmly with relaxes
loosen the wires that have been separated
put some wax in your hands and everyone
to every strand of the actor's delicate way
being the average towards the tail
wrapping until the end holding the wick
twist around the tail to
hide the elastic with the help of a
clip pen tip is left to
inside the tail
with fine bristles comb yarn tail
to create a more
to be powdered to give
texture and volume to the hair finalize the
spray-on